Cthulhu 1918

##Reanimation
###Locale: Martin's Beach Hotel, October 1918
###Investigator:
- Mickey Davis, Private Investigator
- Dina Levitt, Investigative Reporter
- Thaddeus McHenry, Book Dealer

The investigators were among many suffering from the Influenza Pandemic raging through Massachusetts in autumn of 1918. The three were, along with many others, being treated at the Martin's Beach Hotel, converted into a makeshift hospital. 

On the night of Monday, October 7, Milton Jones, veteran of the Civil War, succumbed to the Grippe. They heard his body wheeled away and transported down the cliffside to the makeshift morgue at the beach. However, that night Jones returned - still dead, but reanimated. He tore apart another patient but the three were able to stop him from committing further harm.

Doctor Thomas B. North did his best to convince the three Jones had not truly died, they were mistaken. However, Florence Eastman, wife of another doctor and an experienced nurse herself, confirmed they were correct. Though she too was now severely ill.

Another nurse, Jessica Carter, met with the three in the dining room later that morning as the sun began rising. She explained this resembled something she had witnessed near the turn of the century, when a typhus epidemic ravaged Arkham. North was a student then and greatly admired his fellow student, a Doctor Herbert West, who treated patients that others had sworn had already died. 

The three tried to take a look at the morgue but were stopped by an orderly, Jonathan DeWitt. They snuck to the basement and took nurses and orderly uniforms to allow them to better blend in. Making their way to the morgue they found a chamber of horrors, with patents they knew to be dead screaming in agony, chained to examining tables. North and DeWitt snuck in behind them and tried to subdue them with sedatives but to no avail, with the three scuffling with them, Levitt with her pistol and Davis and McHenry using makeshift weapons. Knocking DeWitt unconscious they unleashed one of the reanimated corpses - one that screamed North had done this to him - and left North to his creations. They then burned the morgue down.

With all the deaths the police made only the most cursory of investigations. That next night Nurse Eastman expired as well, but she did not reanimate...

